IBX-6185: Add file upload blocklist to security checklist (#2059)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/security/security_checklist.md

If you are using Fastly, disable Varnish.
See [Security advisory: EZSA-2020-002.](https://developers.ibexa.co/security-advisories/ezsa-2020-002-unauthorised-cache-purge-with-misconfigured-fastly)

### Block upload of unwanted file types

> The `ibexa.site_access.config.default.io.file_storage.file_type_blacklist` setting defined in the config file `src/bundle/Core/Resources/config/default_settings.yml` in the Core bundle lists filename extensions for files that shouldn't be uploaded. Attempting to upload such files results in an error message. It exists to prevent uploading files that might be executed on the server, a Remote Code Execution (RCE) vulnerability. (There are also other prevention measures in place, like using the web server configuration to block execution of uploaded scripts, see the next point.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ibexa.site_access.config.default.io.file_storage.file_type_blacklist` setting is defined in the config file `src/bundle/Core/Resources/config/default_settings.yml` in the Core bundle.
It prevents uploading files that might be executed on the server, a Remote Code Execution (RCE) vulnerability by listing filename extensions for files that shouldn't be uploaded.
Attempting to upload files from the list results in an error message.
There are also other safety measures in place, like using the web server configuration to block execution of uploaded scripts, see the next point.
```

Reviewer: Perfect 😄

> You should adapt this list to your needs. Note that `svg` images are blocked because they may contain JavaScript code. If you opt to allow them, make sure you take steps to mitigate this risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should adapt this list to your needs. Note that `svg` images are blocked because they may contain JavaScript code.
If you opt to allow them, make sure you take steps to mitigate the risk.
```

> The default list of blocked file types contains: `hta htm html jar js jse pgif phar php php3 php4 php5 phps phpt pht phtml svg swf xhtm xhtml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default list of blocked file types contains: `hta htm html jar js jse pgif phar php php3 php4 php5 phps phpt pht phtml svg swf xhtm xhtml`.
```
